friends.
We know that loops are useful to repeat or it rate illogic.
Not really.
We have seen for you.
Now we have one more loop with your bite on that is called while you let me explain,
award your value by taking simple example.
First of all,
I'm taking simply brain.
Welcome to loops.
Suppose I want to print This measure is only one time then I can directly right to print
But I want to print this Mrs 10 times than what I can do.
One thing is I can write this a statement 10 times sprint.
Welcome to loops.
Welcome to loops like Weighs 10 times I can buy.
But already we know for Lou.
That's why what I'm doing is I'm going to Great.
I'm going to rate this logic for 10 times for teaching range off,
then not only range often that looking probably a string which consist off 10 characters
that's there once.
If you run your cold,
it is going to repeat you are It is goingto bring the or Mrs 10 times.
But I want to print this mrs include the number of times I want to repeat this message for
anything,
any number of times.
Let me modify this for Luke with while true?
No,
see the result.
So get more clarity.
I'm writing one more line here so that I can understand that is going to repeat it in the
number of times or not See that it is going to repeat for infinite number off times,
right?
So sometimes you may need to repeat your logic for in V number of times.
Let me you very simple example.
First,
let me stop it.
So if you write false,
then it will stop.
That's fine.
So first of all,
you have to understand that if you want to repeat a logic for any number of times,
then he hard to go with white blue.
Right?
So that's how it is going to work.
Yeah,
let me explain that as well.
So if anybody feel,
run your script with this way,
Lou,
because off while right while is a loop first off,
all this logic will repeat,
but on the number of times.
If you write directly true here that it is going to repeat for any number of times.
Same logic will re eggs good for infinite number off times.
If you try to prove how it is doing means whenever there is a while,
your partner will check first the value here it is a true right.
If it is true,
do legs good ones.
Then again,
your pattern will come back to this position on again.
We'll check anyway,
this year fixed while you're proof that again doing execute again your pattern will come
back to here again.
Is it true you will exclude like ways?
It is true for Lifetime.
So it is going to repeat for infinite number off times.
That's why this is a invented Lou like.
That's fine.
No.
What is the use off?
Innovative.
Look,
let us assume that you need to wander a fight system for lifetime.
Then what?
I will do simply true here.
I've already logic to monitor your file system as off.
No,
simply I'm writing.
Bring Stedman morning file system,
you sage,
just for our clarity.
I'm writing one more line.
Don't see that for every one minute.
I need to monitor my file system uses but for lifetime than what I will do.
Just I'm importing time or do,
uh then after every one minute right but injured off one minute.
What I will lose as off.
No,
I'm taking simply sec one second,
not for everyone.
So I can now our script will monetary or find system usage in get celebrities are reaching
special value.
Then you can send mail.
Allard's.
I don't see that once.
If you run your script and if we leave it,
it is going to monitor your file system for lifetime not to.
So that is one of the uses when you want to repeat your logic for infinite number off times
like that's fine.
Most something's You don't know how many number of times you need to be pretty or logic,
but after something number off times you need to stop means just I June Dart.
Ah,
I want to print and number the next time I want to print a your number by adding some
random number.
I mean,
first,
let me rate logic so that you can understand.
Let me take initially a value.
Let's say some number four,
then I'm taking while proof.
Then I'm printing your value initial value.
Then what is the next to well,
you want to print?
I'm taking next to value,
plus some random number.
I'm marrying now.
If I run,
they see that it is going to get some numbers.
Right?
Let me stop it.
So in this way you feel run.
You're going to get your numbers.
Any free number of times.
I mean,
uh,
in Vietnamese.
You're going to get initially for then?
Ah,
for 60 then for something on 900 something like that you're going to get,
But I want to I don't want to get all the numbers.
I want to get the numbers.
Only suppose,
uh,
let me write.
If your value is less than articles to some,
this number.
So here what I'm reading.
I'm reading a condition such that previously here you have it,
right?
No.
Let me write to proof us.
You're going to get some numbers,
but I don't want to get all these numbers.
I want to stop this loop once if I reach my value more than this.
Now,
see,
that is a in case if your value is greater than 6789 then you're going to stop it.
Actually,
I'm repeating this for every number of times,
but I don't want repeating for a number of times.
I want to get the numbers which are less than this.
So intentionally you can stop your wild Liu based on condition as well.
Right?
Initially,
this is a value.
I'm printing that value for my value.
Um,
adding something and I'm them printing right not to get more clarity.
Let me take simply while grew simply print Hello?
No,
it is going to repeat in the number of times.
But I don't want toe print in the number of times,
right?
I want to bring only four.
Suppose four times.
Let me take initially called because to Jiro?
No What I'm reading is here I am writing condo value.
If it is less them r equals less than fight.
I can't take it may be less than because to fight Let me take in Chile counties one I know
what I'm doing is I'm increasing contra value as well.
Don't see that you're going to get your output only for fight times.
You're going to repeat this logic only for five times.
Then how it is working,
I think.
Is that simply first your initializing some conditions Sodom Sorry.
Some variable insulating County Costa one So while e faster fall while means you have to
assume that the lines which are there on the river why look will repeat for infinite number
of times,
right?
So how it is going to work?
We know that while first fighting will check this condition resulted Counties initially one
right one less Darcos to fight means true If it is true,
your vital exclude these two lines ones.
So because off these you are also increasing your counter value until it is won.
Now,
after excluding first time for forced integration,
your counter value is becoming one plus 12 Now,
with this to now Conte's two,
not one you are fighting is coming to this position.
I'll be checking this condition to less than articles to find.
Yes,
true.
Then I gained two legs.
Could this logic.
But while excluding this logic now you're making your condo value from Kyoto to place 13
Then we do this three or fighting will come to here and three less done because to fight?
Yes,
true.
Then it will exclude one second.
Now you're calling two becomes 43 plus 14 Then again,
your pattern will come toe here with it.
Count.
Because 244 left.
Articles to fight through.
Then who likes good once again,
this loss No con value.
Fight with this fire again.
Your pattern will come to this position.
Filers Don Rickles to fight through Romans again.
This logical eggs,
good ones.
But now five plus 16 six less than articles to fight.
No false.
If it is false,
now you're biting is going to stop your while you That's it.
Right.
So here we are,
fixing how many times you want to repeat,
right?
Not only that.
So based on other condition he while adding some number for your initial value,
you're going to get your value more than this afters after a number of times.
You don't know how many times you want to repeat.
But you know the condition.
Once our value is more than this,
then I want to stop it.
So here,
just be clear.
We don't know how many times you're going after the Harmony Times.
You're going to get this number.
You don't know.
But you know that Certainly.
Definitely.
After a certain number of times,
your number will be more than this.
Are this at that situation.
You want to stop it,
right?
So why loop in?
Python is used to repeat or trade over a block off court as long as the test expression or
condition is true.
Right?
That's what we're doing here.
As long as the condition desert is true,
then it is going to exclude this line.
That is one case.
2nd 1 is we use this Luke,
then we don't want beforehand.
The number off time student.
That's what with this example,
Really?
We don't know home.
And after all,
many times you're going to get this.
I mean,
after how many traditions you're going to get your number more than this,
we don't know.
But we know that because of this calculation,
somewhere somewhere you would reach your number more than this At that time,
I want to stop it.
So that is the logic off by Lou.
Right?
So let's be clear.
One thing is to repeat your logic for any number of times.
Second thing is to repeat your logic until a condition is true.
And one more thing is that is the important one.
Before starting your logic,
you don't know how many times you want to get ready were lousy,
but based on some condition,
you can stop it.
So that condition you can use it in your while loop.
Okay,
But it is.
Thank you for watching this video.
We're going forward.
We will see.
Ah,
real time use case off your while loop with many examples,
okay?